	Web Authentication
	Andy Chase
	June 22 2015

# Authentication aka User/Passwords/Logins 

Authentication is an important subject. Civilization centers around people, and on the internet the concept
of a person having individuality and control over their own actions need to be emulated.

Authentication is a bit tricky on the web because the web is decentralized and stateless, but several
solutions have been invented and more arrive all the time. This collection hopes to introduce some important
thoughts related to authentication on the web.

# Overview: Different ways to do authentication

Username/passwords are the cultural norm of web-based authentication, but other methods exist.

    [guide]
    title: The definitive guide to form-based website authentication
    url: https://stackoverflow.com/a/477578/3479853
    date: August 9 2011
    authors:
    	- Jens Roland
    	- Jeff Atwood (codehorror)
    topic: web/authentication
    section: Form-based
    subsection: How to properly set up login/register authentication?
    commentary: >
        Read this if you want to learn how to (properly) set up login/register
        based authentication so your site doesn't instantly get hacked once its online. 
    found_on: 
        name: Stackoverflow top links 
        url: https://stackoverflow.com/questions?sort=votes
    summary: >
        This link is really helpful in its comprehensiveness in explaining the different
        parts of username/password based authentication on the web.

# Information on the major types of authentication mechanisms
 
## User

## Social Logins

    [opinion]
    title: Social Login Buttons Aren’t Worth It
    url: https://blog.mailchimp.com/social-login-buttons-arent-worth-it/
    date: October 2 2012
    author: Aarron Walter (mailchimp)
    topic: web/authentication
    section: Social Login
    subsection: Should I make use of social logins like Facebook & Twitter?
    opinion: "no"
    commentary: >
        Mailchimp didn't like how it took away from their brand & added confusion.
    found_on: 
        name: Hacker News
        url: news.ycombinator.com


## Oath

## Openid

 